About The Woolsey Sisters!

The Woolsey Sisters:
The Woolsey Sisters are an American group of sisters who do diverse things. The family consists of six sisters: businesswoman Cheryl Woolsey, comedienne and actress Maggie Woolsey, punk-rock musician and artist Lauren Woolsey, actress and socialite Marie Woolsey, cowgirl and sheriff Texy Woolsey and painter and children's book author Nicole Woolsey. The sisters were all born in Denver, Colorado but eventually ended up living in various places. They first came to national attention with their business, movies, songs, actions, books, and paintings. They are iconic and recognizable sisters and they are known worldwide. They are the daughters of Michelle and Andrew Woolsey. The family was named after comedian and actor Robert Woolsey of Wheeler and Woolsey fame, though they might actually be related to Robert Woolsey.

Cheryl Woolsey:
Cheryl Woolsey (born 1970) is an American businesswoman, mother, writer, and politican. She is the leader and the oldest of the Woolsey Sisters. She is the mother of 2 children and is also the founder of C. Woolsey & Co., an investment company which she co-founded with her husband. She is a very kind and nice woman and she does everything in business and has her own very happy family. She often punishes her sisters whenever she sees them do something stupid, bad and wrong. She once ran for President of the United States in 2008 and she is a Democrat. She attended the University of Denver and currently lives in New York City with her husband and children, where she does all of her businesses.

Maggie Woolsey:
Maggie Woolsey (born 1971) is an American comedienne, stand-up comedian, actress and entertainer. She is a very goofy and silly woman. She currently lives in Los Angeles and was a member of The Groundlings. She developed a comedy character (which is also her alter-ego) named Maggie Waggie, a silly and goofy girl who loves to tell and make jokes and puns and make fun of people and celebrities. Maggie Waggie became a cult icon in the 2000's and had a TV show on Comedy Central called "The Maggie Waggie Show". She attended the University of Denver along with all of her sisters. Her character also has a movie called "Maggie Waggie's Adventure". That movie became a 2000's cult classic. She also acted in several other comedy movies and TV shows outside of Maggie Waggie. She currently lives in Los Angeles, California.

Lauren Woolsey:
Lauren Woolsey (born 1972) is an American-British punk-rock musician, animator, filmmaker, artist, computer user, computer hacker, criminal and internet personality. She is the main antagonist of the Woolsey Sisters and the lead singer and guitarist of the punk-rock band The Hell Beasts. She is very mean and has gotten arrested over 20 times and is a very dangerous woman who cusses and does other bad and mean things. She is considered one of the worst punk-rock musicians in music history. She is also an animator and filmmaker who animates with cut-outs and PowerPoint. One of her animated short films was "All F**ked Up", which was a very bad short film. She is also an artist who draws cartoons and a computer user who would sometimes hack other people's computers and internet accounts. She loves to smoke cigarettes, drink beer and do drugs. She is also very mature. She once got arrested for the murder of her beloved boyfriend. Tired of living in the United States due to her not liking the country at all, She decided to move to the United Kingdom, in London, England to become a punk-rock musician. She is also an internet troll, having bullied people on several websites including YouTube, DeviantArt, Wikipedia, Wikimedia Commons, Discord, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, and much more. She is an idiot. She is currently sentenced to 5 years in London prison for the murder of her boyfriend. She is also a member of the Church of the SubGenius. She attended the University of Denver. She currently lives in London.

Marie Woolsey:
Marie Woolsey (born 1973) is an American Christian actress, socialite, model and singer who is one of the most richest and highest-paid actresses and singers of all time. She is also a billionaire woman. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress one time at the Academy Awards in 2006. She is a very fashionable lady who often wore formal dresses and other types of fancy clothing. She usually starred in drama movies, one of them nominated her for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, another nominated her for Best Actress. As a singer, she usually sung love songs to all the good people around the world. She is also a Christian. She also starred in some drama TV shows and soap operas. She is a very rich person who owns $100,000 a year. As a model, she often appeared in fashion magazines. She attended the University of Denver and currently lives in Burbank, California.

Texy Woolsey:
Tara "Texy" Woolsey (born 1974) is an American sheriff, police officer, historian, adventurer, folk singer, and cowgirl who served in the Dallas Police Department. She is a Southern cowgirl who lived in Texas, South Dakota, Oklahoma, Wyoming, and Colorado. Her nickname is "Texas' Favorite Cowgirl". As sheriff and police officer, she has arrested more than 50 people and have given more than 50 people speeding tickets. She retired from being a sheriff and a police officer in 2016. She is also an adventurer who's goal was to travel all around Wyoming, South Dakota and Oklahoma. As a historian, she is a historian of Country Western/American Frontier history, she has studied Buffalo Bill, Billy the Kid, Butch Cassidy, Wyatt Earp, Jesse James and so much more. She attended the University of Denver and currently lives in Dallas, Texas.

Nicole Woolsey:
Nicole Woolsey (born 1975) is an American painter, children's book author and poet. She is the youngest of the Woolsey Sisters. After graduating from the University of Denver along with her other sisters, She began to write children's books and poetry about animals, fantasy, fairy tales, and children. She is also a painter who paints landscapes and fantasy. She has a DeviantArt account with all of her paintings on it. She is the Woolsey sister with the most social media. She is also a book and pet collector. She has a pet cat, a pet tarantula, a pet lizard, and a pet guinea pig among others. She is the lesser-known Woolsey sister. She is also a fan of anime and manga. She currently lives in Aurora, Colorado.